1)To create a cluster after will deploy to the argocd 

2) ArgoCd instalation process

    1) first we have create namespace --argocd 
         k create ns argocd 

    2) after we deploy to the manifest file in cluster.
     
         kubectl apply -n argocd -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/argoproj/argo-cd/stable/manifests/install.yaml

    3) after we have check to pods and avc will check it oneces
        k get pods -n argocd
        k get svc -n argocd 

        after then it will be expose the argocd in svc network is insert the LoadBalancer. then it will be expose the url.


     4)  it will be asking to the argocd username and passwd
     
        username: admin
        passswd to enter the terminal : kubectl -n argocd get secret argocd-initial-admin-secret -o jsonpath="{.data.password}" | base64 -d  
           ---- to get passwd and it will be login argocd.

     5) In argocd ui page to click to the setting and select the Repositories inside to add the git url add and save .

     6) argocd page to select to the application ---click to the new app ---enter the application name --- project name to select to the default ---sync policy manual ----source to select repositories url ---path deployment path   ----- cluster url select automatically add url --- namespace --to insert name and it will be select the create.

     7) After to see the sync app ---down side to application name select --after sync and to check in cluster argocd one pod is created .

    passwd argocd: lnj6sG9ywZ8zZABV

































    4) to write the ingress yml file and we add the selector name in ingrss yml and namespace after it will be deploy that ingress yml .

         in ingress yml to add the domain name in route53 record set after it will be expose that 

    it will be asking to the argocd username and passwd
     
        username: admin
        passswd to enter the terminal : kubectl -n argocd get secret argocd-initial-admin-secret -o jsonpath="{.data.password}" | base64 -d  
           ---- to get passwd and it will be login argocd.

    5) To write a sample Docker file and build images and run the container and then it willbe images send to the ecr.

    6) after get the image url insert to the Deployment.yml and svc and ingress file in namespace argocd.

    7) then it will be see the pods and application to see argocd website.






    